RETL - Features overview and Models guide (#1034)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/reverse-etl/features/overview.mdx

---
title: "Overview"
description: >-

>   Detailed guide on the features you can use in RudderStack's Reverse ETL pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quick overview of RudderStack's Reverse ETL features.
```

Reviewer: In view of us wanting to keep the content crisp and short

---

RudderStack provides some useful features which you can use while configuring your Reverse ETL pipelines to customize, automate, and ensure seamless event flow from your data warehouse to various analytics, sales, and marketing tools.

## Models

> RudderStack provides the **Models** feature using which you can define custom SQL queries. You can create and run these queries on your warehouse and send the resulting data to specific destinations. You can create as many models and reuse them with their corresponding Reverse ETL sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RudderStack's **Models** feature lets you define custom SQL queries, run them on your warehouse source, and send the resulting data to the specified destinations.
```

With this feature, you can:

* Build models with complex SQL queries via an intuitive UI.
* Manage the views of all the models synced to different destinations in one place.
* Reuse the existing models in multiple connections.

For more information on creating and using the models, refer to the <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/common-settings/models/">Models</Link> guide.

> ## Syncing events

Reviewer: I was thinking maybe we can move this section to the top, followed by the "features" so that they are grouped together, i.e. Models, VDM, and Airflow Provider. Thoughts?

> ## Syncing events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syncing data as `identify` or `track` events
```

Reviewer: Clarified the heading a bit - LMK if you like it.

RudderStack supports syncing data from the Reverse ETL sources to the downstream destinations as <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/identify/">`identify`</Link> and <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> calls.

<div class="warningBlock">
You can send your data as <code class="inline-code">track</code> calls only while mapping your warehouse columns to the destination fields using the <Link to="">JSON mapping</Link>. <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/features/visual-data-mapper/">Visual Data Mapper</Link> is not supported currently.
</div>

> Some key features of syncing events from Reverse ETL sources are listed below:

Reviewer: The following bullets are applicable only for `track` events, right? or do they apply for `identify` as well?

Author: These are common points for both
